Add "_generated.*" suffix to some auto-generated files (#77083)
dotnet/runtime: docs/project/updating-jitinterface.md

The JitInterface is versioned by a GUID. Any change to JitInterface is required to update the JitInterface GUID located in jiteeversionguid.h (look for `JITEEVersionIdentifier`). Not doing so has consequences that are sometimes hard to debug.

> If a method was added or modified in ICorStaticInfo or ICorDynamicInfo, port the change to src/coreclr/tools/Common/JitInterface/ThunkGenerator/ThunkInput.txt. Functions must be in the same order in ThunkInput.txt as they exist in corinfo.h and corjit.h. Run gen.bat or gen.sh to regenerate all \*_generated.\* from ThunkInput.txt. Provide a managed implementation of the method in CorInfoImpl.cs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a method was added or modified in ICorStaticInfo or ICorDynamicInfo, port the change to src/coreclr/tools/Common/JitInterface/ThunkGenerator/ThunkInput.txt. Functions must be in the same order in ThunkInput.txt as they exist in corinfo.h and corjit.h. Run gen.bat or gen.sh to regenerate all \*_generated.\* files from ThunkInput.txt. Provide a managed implementation of the method in CorInfoImpl.cs.
```
To make this a bit easier to read.

> If a method was added or modified in ICorStaticInfo or ICorDynamicInfo, port the change to src/coreclr/tools/Common/JitInterface/ThunkGenerator/ThunkInput.txt. Functions must be in the same order in ThunkInput.txt as they exist in corinfo.h and corjit.h. Run gen.bat or gen.sh to regenerate CorInfoBase_generated.cs, jitinterface.h, ICorJitInfo_API_names_generated.h, ICorJitInfo_API_wrapper_generated.hpp, superpmi-shared\icorjitinfoimpl.h, superpmi-shim-counter\icorjitinfo.cpp, and superpmi-shim-simple\icorjitinfo.cpp from ThunkInput.txt. Provide a managed implementation of the method in CorInfoImpl.cs.

Reviewer: Should all files in this list get the `_generated` suffix?

Reviewer: Some of the files in this list are not accurate. For example, jitinterface.h is not generated. icorjitinfoimpl_generated.h is the generated file.

Author: Thanks, handled all of them. `jitinterface.h` is auto-generated - it's just there are two of them 🙂

> If a method was added or modified in ICorStaticInfo or ICorDynamicInfo, port the change to src/coreclr/tools/Common/JitInterface/ThunkGenerator/ThunkInput.txt. Functions must be in the same order in ThunkInput.txt as they exist in corinfo.h and corjit.h. Run gen.bat or gen.sh to regenerate CorInfoBase_generated.cs, jitinterface.h, ICorJitInfo_API_names_generated.h, ICorJitInfo_API_wrapper_generated.hpp, superpmi-shared\icorjitinfoimpl.h, superpmi-shim-counter\icorjitinfo.cpp, and superpmi-shim-simple\icorjitinfo.cpp from ThunkInput.txt. Provide a managed implementation of the method in CorInfoImpl.cs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a method was added or modified in ICorStaticInfo or ICorDynamicInfo, port the change to src/coreclr/tools/Common/JitInterface/ThunkGenerator/ThunkInput.txt. Functions must be in the same order in ThunkInput.txt as they exist in corinfo.h and corjit.h. Run gen.bat or gen.sh to regenerate all 
`*_generated.*` files from ThunkInput.txt. Provide a managed implementation of the method in CorInfoImpl.cs.
```
The exact list of files is not important in this doc. It can just use a wildcard.
